---
layout: post
title: Down(ing) Under Voting
---

This week was a slow week for me in the Object Oriented Programming class.  We were assigned project 2, which is simple enough.  The hardest part for me right now is finding time to work on it - my algorithms class is picking up and that took up most of my homework time this week.  I did finally get everything started this weekend.  I think one of the more difficult aspects of this project is having to start the repo from scratch, but its really not too bad since we can use parts of the previous project.  This class is the first time I've used the C++11 standard before - I've been wanting to learn about the move constructors and I think I've noticed a couple places where I could play around with them in this project.

In class this week, we discussed the nuances of references and pointers.  I'm suprised at how difficult the concept of references are for other students, I always thought it was rather straight forward.  I guess this is one of the C++ features that is difficult if you've only used C before.  This reminds me about how much I dislike the C naming convention where the * in a pointer is associated with the variable `int *var`, not the data type `int* var`.  I've always thought of pointers as a different type, and as such, it seems more intuitive to assoicate with the type.  I guess its like anything, given enough people, there will be valid arguments for either convention.

## Tip of the week ##

Did you ever want to know what the inventor of C++ was thinking? Bjarne Stroustrup has a really interesting [webpage](http://www.stroustrup.com/index.html) with loads of information and FAQs.
