---
layout: post
title: Test Won
---

### What did you do this past week? ###

This past week we had our first test of the semester.  I studied a little bit for the test and caught up on the readings.

### What's in your way? ###

Nothing is in my way.

### What will you do next week? ###

This next week we have our next project assigned.  Its already been posted, but I haven't really had a chance to look at it thoroughly yet.  Apparently we are in groups of 5, which is going to be interesting.

### What would have made Test 1 better? ###

I thought test 1 was fairly predictable and not that difficult overall.  I feel like some of the questions were very similar to other tests I've gotten from Professor Downing in the past.  I liked the fact that there was a short answer section, but considering we hadn't really discussed anything out of the book, I feel like that section was just a memorization grade (or more likely - a how-good-was-your-notes section).  I'm not a big fan of doing the tests on our laptops because I think that it actually makes cheating easier.  I didn't cheat, and I don't know anyone who cheated, but I can think of multiple ways that allowing students to use their own laptops could be exploited.  I don't need to cheat, and I think most other students don't cheat, so I don't know why it bothers me so much.

## Tip of the Week ##

I've used this nice little website called [sleepyti.me](http://sleepyti.me/) for figuring out when to wake up in the morning based on sleep cycles.  I actually think it works fairly well, and I'm not as sleepy in the morning when I wake up.

