---
layout: post
title: Netflix
---

### What did you do this past week? ###

This week my partner and I started the Netflix project.  Yep, I'm finally doing a Downing project with a partner.  Figured I'd better start getting ready for the group projects later this semester.  Its not that I'm all that anti-social, its just having a partner means more time on campus which means less time in bed.

### What's in your way? ###

Not much is in my way.  I feel like we've gotten a good start on this project, and should have it wrapped up by Wednesday afternoon at the latest.

### What will you do next week? ###

This week I will be trying to juggle finishing up the Netflix project with homework and test in my CS 356 class (Computer Networking).  We actually have a project due Monday night which is to write a simple server in *PYTHON!*  I think that it is pretty awesome that I can use what I've learned so far in this class already.

We had a guest speaker this week, from Main Street Hub.  He was sure enthusiastic about "authentic" interactions, which I find misleading considering most of the interaction he was talking about was between customers and content writers.  Is it authentic to hire people to respond to reviews for you?  I'm not saying its unethical, just probably in-authentic.  I find it interesting the wide variety of fields that you can enter into with a computer science degree, but I'm glad that I won't have to spend my career creating webpages and twiddling with databases all day (yuck).  Give me some hardware to control please.

## Tip of the Week ##

I found out this weekend that Python makes multiprocessing super simple with [Pool](https://docs.python.org/3.4/library/multiprocessing.html).  Its about the simplest thing I've ever seen for spawing multiple processes.  It took me about 1 minute to retrofit some iterative code I had *cough*netflix*cough* to use it.

